= hoe-travis

home :: https://github.com/drbrain/hoe-travis
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/hoe-travis
bugs :: https://github.com/drbrain/hoe-travis/issues

== Description

hoe-travis is a Hoe plugin that allows your gem to gain maximum benefit from
http://travis-ci.org.  The plugin contains a <code>.travis.yml</code>
generator and a pre-defined rake task which runs the tests and ensures your
manifest file is correct.

With hoe-travis, additional checks and setup can be added with
locally-verifiable rake tasks instead of committing and pushing a change,
waiting for travis to run your tests, then trying a new commit if you didn't
fix the problem.

== Features

* .travis.yml generation task
* Pre-defined rake tasks which are run by travis-ci
* Easy to hook up rake tasks for additional travis-ci setup and checks

== Install

  sudo gem install hoe-travis

== Synopsis

Add hoe-travis as a plugin to your Rakefile:

  Hoe.plugin :travis

Then generate a .travis.yml

  $ rake travis:generate

This will bring up your EDITOR with your travis.yml for any desired tweaks.
Save the file when you're done, then check in your .travis.yml.  For further
details of how the configuration is generated see Hoe::Travis@Config

(If you don't have the EDITOR environment variable set to your favorite
editor, please do so.  Note that some editors may need extra flags to wait for
files to be edited.  For MacVIM, <code>export EDITOR="mvim
--remote-wait"</code> will wait for the file to be closed before returning.)

If you would like to make future changes to your .travis.yml you can run:

  $ rake travis:edit

Which, like <code>travis:generate</code>, will bring up your EDITOR with your
.travis.yml.  When you've saved the file the changes will be checked by
travis-lint before writing back to .travis.yml and give you a chance to
correct them.

If you've edited your .travis.yml by hand you can run:

  $ rake travis:check

to check it.

Testing your travis-ci setup is easy with hoe-travis.  You can run:

  $ rake travis

to run the same checks travis-ci will.  By default this includes running the
tests and ensuring the Manifest.txt file is complete.  There is also the
before script:

  $ rake travis:before

Which will run the setup tasks needed for your project.

== Developers

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Eric Hodel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

